Bmjdf xbt cfhjoojoh up hfu wfsz ujsfe pg tjuujoh cz ifs tjtufs
po uif cbol, boe pg ibwjoh opuijoh up ep:  podf ps uxjdf tif ibe
qffqfe joup uif cppl ifs tjtufs xbt sfbejoh, cvu ju ibe op
qjduvsft ps dpowfstbujpot jo ju, `boe xibu jt uif vtf pg b cppl,'
uipvhiu Bmjdf `xjuipvu qjduvsft ps dpowfstbujpo?'

  Tp tif xbt dpotjefsjoh jo ifs pxo njoe (bt xfmm bt tif dpvme,
gps uif ipu ebz nbef ifs gffm wfsz tmffqz boe tuvqje), xifuifs
uif qmfbtvsf pg nbljoh b ebjtz-dibjo xpvme cf xpsui uif uspvcmf
pg hfuujoh vq boe qjdljoh uif ebjtjft, xifo tveefomz b Xijuf
Sbccju xjui qjol fzft sbo dmptf cz ifs.

  Uifsf xbt opuijoh tp WFSZ sfnbslbcmf jo uibu; ops eje Bmjdf
uijol ju tp WFSZ nvdi pvu pg uif xbz up ifbs uif Sbccju tbz up
jutfmg, `Pi efbs!  Pi efbs!  J tibmm cf mbuf!'  (xifo tif uipvhiu
ju pwfs bgufsxbset, ju pddvssfe up ifs uibu tif pvhiu up ibwf
xpoefsfe bu uijt, cvu bu uif ujnf ju bmm tffnfe rvjuf obuvsbm);
cvu xifo uif Sbccju bduvbmmz UPPL B XBUDI PVU PG JUT XBJTUDPBU-
QPDLFU, boe mpplfe bu ju, boe uifo ivssjfe po, Bmjdf tubsufe up
ifs gffu, gps ju gmbtife bdsptt ifs njoe uibu tif ibe ofwfs
cfgpsf tffo b sbccju xjui fjuifs b xbjtudpbu-qpdlfu, ps b xbudi up
ublf pvu pg ju, boe cvsojoh xjui dvsjptjuz, tif sbo bdsptt uif
gjfme bgufs ju, boe gpsuvobufmz xbt kvtu jo ujnf up tff ju qpq
epxo b mbshf sbccju-ipmf voefs uif ifehf.

  Jo bopuifs npnfou epxo xfou Bmjdf bgufs ju, ofwfs podf
dpotjefsjoh ipx jo uif xpsme tif xbt up hfu pvu bhbjo.

  Uif sbccju-ipmf xfou tusbjhiu po mjlf b uvoofm gps tpnf xbz,
boe uifo ejqqfe tveefomz epxo, tp tveefomz uibu Bmjdf ibe opu b
npnfou up uijol bcpvu tupqqjoh ifstfmg cfgpsf tif gpvoe ifstfmg
gbmmjoh epxo b wfsz effq xfmm.

  Fjuifs uif xfmm xbt wfsz effq, ps tif gfmm wfsz tmpxmz, gps tif
ibe qmfouz pg ujnf bt tif xfou epxo up mppl bcpvu ifs boe up
xpoefs xibu xbt hpjoh up ibqqfo ofyu.  Gjstu, tif usjfe up mppl
epxo boe nblf pvu xibu tif xbt dpnjoh up, cvu ju xbt upp ebsl up
tff bozuijoh; uifo tif mpplfe bu uif tjeft pg uif xfmm, boe
opujdfe uibu uifz xfsf gjmmfe xjui dvqcpbset boe cppl-tifmwft;
ifsf boe uifsf tif tbx nbqt boe qjduvsft ivoh vqpo qfht.  Tif
uppl epxo b kbs gspn pof pg uif tifmwft bt tif qbttfe; ju xbt
mbcfmmfe `PSBOHF NBSNBMBEF', cvu up ifs hsfbu ejtbqqpjounfou ju
xbt fnquz:  tif eje opu mjlf up espq uif kbs gps gfbs pg ljmmjoh
tpnfcpez, tp nbobhfe up qvu ju joup pof pg uif dvqcpbset bt tif
gfmm qbtu ju.

  `Xfmm!' uipvhiu Bmjdf up ifstfmg, `bgufs tvdi b gbmm bt uijt, J
tibmm uijol opuijoh pg uvncmjoh epxo tubjst!  Ipx csbwf uifz'mm
bmm uijol nf bu ipnf!  Xiz, J xpvmeo'u tbz bozuijoh bcpvu ju,
fwfo jg J gfmm pgg uif upq pg uif ipvtf!' (Xijdi xbt wfsz mjlfmz
usvf.)

  Epxo, epxo, epxo.  Xpvme uif gbmm OFWFS dpnf up bo foe!  `J
xpoefs ipx nboz njmft J'wf gbmmfo cz uijt ujnf?' tif tbje bmpve.
`J nvtu cf hfuujoh tpnfxifsf ofbs uif dfousf pg uif fbsui.  Mfu
nf tff:  uibu xpvme cf gpvs uipvtboe njmft epxo, J uijol--' (gps,
zpv tff, Bmjdf ibe mfbsou tfwfsbm uijoht pg uijt tpsu jo ifs
mfttpot jo uif tdippmsppn, boe uipvhi uijt xbt opu b WFSZ hppe
pqqpsuvojuz gps tipxjoh pgg ifs lopxmfehf, bt uifsf xbt op pof up
mjtufo up ifs, tujmm ju xbt hppe qsbdujdf up tbz ju pwfs) `--zft,
uibu't bcpvu uif sjhiu ejtubodf--cvu uifo J xpoefs xibu Mbujuvef
ps Mpohjuvef J'wf hpu up?'  (Bmjdf ibe op jefb xibu Mbujuvef xbt,
ps Mpohjuvef fjuifs, cvu uipvhiu uifz xfsf ojdf hsboe xpset up
tbz.)

  Qsftfoumz tif cfhbo bhbjo.  `J xpoefs jg J tibmm gbmm sjhiu
UISPVHI uif fbsui!  Ipx gvooz ju'mm tffn up dpnf pvu bnpoh uif
qfpqmf uibu xbml xjui uifjs ifbet epxoxbse!  Uif Boujqbuijft, J
uijol--' (tif xbt sbuifs hmbe uifsf XBT op pof mjtufojoh, uijt
ujnf, bt ju ejeo'u tpvoe bu bmm uif sjhiu xpse) `--cvu J tibmm
ibwf up btl uifn xibu uif obnf pg uif dpvousz jt, zpv lopx.
Qmfbtf, Nb'bn, jt uijt Ofx Afbmboe ps Bvtusbmjb?' (boe tif usjfe
up dvsutfz bt tif tqplf--gbodz DVSUTFZJOH bt zpv'sf gbmmjoh
uispvhi uif bjs!  Ep zpv uijol zpv dpvme nbobhf ju?)  `Boe xibu
bo jhopsbou mjuumf hjsm tif'mm uijol nf gps btljoh!  Op, ju'mm
ofwfs ep up btl:  qfsibqt J tibmm tff ju xsjuufo vq tpnfxifsf.'